					DREAM WITHIN YOU!

Dream! Ya everyone has it. Even the smallest child grows with a budding dream in his/her heart.
Who will be stimulating or motivating us to the dream?! This is a relevant question. And the answer
is very simple. No one can inspire you ‘Except YOU!’ This is a bitter truth. Everyone around you will
try to motivate you but the actual inspiration is inside you! But everyone cannot find that. The one
who finds it ,wins!
Dreams arise from our inner heart that is filled with emotions and the inner fire which force
us to move on in any situation. But by relying on drugs, we are really denying ourselves to
understand our emotions, feelings and our desires. So will drugs are stimulus to our dreams? The
answer is: No, never. So relying on drugs will never help us to dream rather it will affect us negatively.
Everyone, especially the youth are searching for drugs and other attractive stuffs for happiness and
all. But the embarrassing thing is majority of them are literates. Even though they knew the bad
effects of drugs , they are using it for their temporary happiness. Why? The reason is still unknown.
Everyone’s mind is unique. They have the power to build fascinating dreams and drive it. The
unique mind itself is enough for us to fulfil our dream. So there is no need of any external
substances. And also we should know the fact that these external substances will give some
temporary positive outcomes. But the ultimate outcome will definitely the worst. We should knew it
before we use it. The human brain is naturally build for creativity, dream etc. So with the help of our
brain we can delve in to our dreams and desires without the aid of drugs.
We think that drugs will help us to induce dream-like states and unable our thinking
capability and decision making skills. But they lead to addiction, depression and many more negative
consequences like these.

So how should we dream? The answer is.... We should switch off every external things
around us and then open our mind and heart and find what suits for you, find your true potentials,
abilities and weaknesses. Then there starts your unique journey to achieve your unique dream! And
the important thing is think twice when taking every steps. Because everything around us are not
good. We should learn to distinguish right and wrong. So if we go in a right path, the success is ours!